filament/filament-users/README.md, before:

---
description: User Resource For FilamentPHP Admin Dashboard
---

# 👨‍🏭 Filament Users



<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/3x1io-tomato-users.jpeg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

[![Latest Stable Version](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/eac5c82cb977ed342c82193f0e87ef768668188253fbf90483b316c4fef32944/68747470733a2f2f706f7365722e707567782e6f72672f746f6d61746f7068702f66696c616d656e742d75736572732f76657273696f6e2e737667)](https://packagist.org/packages/tomatophp/filament-users) [![PHP Version Require](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/bea3a76674e5983e2b2fce1d475d654c8fa2b55c83421e794d9e5ac4582d0492/687474703a2f2f706f7365722e707567782e6f72672f746f6d61746f7068702f66696c616d656e742d75736572732f726571756972652f706870)](https://packagist.org/packages/tomatophp/filament-users) [![License](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/016dda5192d52d4224e7006478d5830c1240f27246f9c0f5ce529630592970f8/68747470733a2f2f706f7365722e707567782e6f72672f746f6d61746f7068702f66696c616d656e742d75736572732f6c6963656e73652e737667)](https://packagist.org/packages/tomatophp/filament-users) [![Downloads](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/77209545cd1c2209a5e913b302391c5b47105df27468f24ce8b619128e1b9375/68747470733a2f2f706f7365722e707567782e6f72672f746f6d61746f7068702f66696c616d656e742d75736572732f642f746f74616c2e737667)](https://packagist.org/packages/tomatophp/filament-users)

User Resource For FilamentPHP Admin Dashboard

for v2 please use this [repo](https://github.com/3x1io/filament-user)

### Changelog <a href="#user-content-changelog" id="user-content-changelog"></a>

Please see [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/tomatophp/filament-users/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

### Support <a href="#user-content-support" id="user-content-support"></a>

you can join our discord server to get support [TomatoPHP](https://discord.gg/VZc8nBJ3ZU)

### Security <a href="#user-content-security" id="user-content-security"></a>

Please see [SECURITY](https://github.com/tomatophp/filament-users/blob/master/SECURITY.md) for more information about security.

### Credits <a href="#user-content-credits" id="user-content-credits"></a>

* [Fady Mondy](mailto:info@3x1.io)

### License <a href="#user-content-license" id="user-content-license"></a>

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](https://github.com/tomatophp/filament-users/blob/master/LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-180: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

filament/filament-users/README.md, after:

---
description: User Table Resource with a lot of packages integrations
---

# 👨‍🏭 Filament Users



<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/3x1io-tomato-users.jpeg" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

[![Latest Stable Version](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/eac5c82cb977ed342c82193f0e87ef768668188253fbf90483b316c4fef32944/68747470733a2f2f706f7365722e707567782e6f72672f746f6d61746f7068702f66696c616d656e742d75736572732f76657273696f6e2e737667)](https://packagist.org/packages/tomatophp/filament-users) [![PHP Version Require](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/bea3a76674e5983e2b2fce1d475d654c8fa2b55c83421e794d9e5ac4582d0492/687474703a2f2f706f7365722e707567782e6f72672f746f6d61746f7068702f66696c616d656e742d75736572732f726571756972652f706870)](https://packagist.org/packages/tomatophp/filament-users) [![License](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/016dda5192d52d4224e7006478d5830c1240f27246f9c0f5ce529630592970f8/68747470733a2f2f706f7365722e707567782e6f72672f746f6d61746f7068702f66696c616d656e742d75736572732f6c6963656e73652e737667)](https://packagist.org/packages/tomatophp/filament-users) [![Downloads](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/77209545cd1c2209a5e913b302391c5b47105df27468f24ce8b619128e1b9375/68747470733a2f2f706f7365722e707567782e6f72672f746f6d61746f7068702f66696c616d656e742d75736572732f642f746f74616c2e737667)](https://packagist.org/packages/tomatophp/filament-users)

User Table Resource with a lot of packages integrations

for v2 please use this [repo](https://github.com/3x1io/filament-user)

### Changelog <a href="#user-content-changelog" id="user-content-changelog"></a>

Please see [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/tomatophp/filament-users/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

### Support <a href="#user-content-support" id="user-content-support"></a>

you can join our discord server to get support [TomatoPHP](https://discord.gg/VZc8nBJ3ZU)

### Security <a href="#user-content-security" id="user-content-security"></a>

Please see [SECURITY](https://github.com/tomatophp/filament-users/blob/master/SECURITY.md) for more information about security.

### Credits <a href="#user-content-credits" id="user-content-credits"></a>

* [Fady Mondy](mailto:info@3x1.io)

### License <a href="#user-content-license" id="user-content-license"></a>

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](https://github.com/tomatophp/filament-users/blob/master/LICENSE.md) for more information.
